Update README.md (#6208)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: README.md

  </a>
</div>

FlowFuse is the fastest, most secure platform for building and operating industrial applications at scale, powered by Node-RED and enhanced with AI assistance.
Node-RED offers an intuitive, low-code environment ideal for connecting hardware, APIs, and industrial systems. FlowFuse extends this foundation with AI-accelerated development, team collaboration, remote deployment management, and integrated DevOps pipelines—enabling industrial teams to unify IT and OT, innovate rapidly, and maintain enterprise-grade security and governance.

## Key Features

> * AI-assisted collaborative development - Multiple developers can work together on a single Node-RED instance. Our AI Copilot accelerates building data logic, generating code from natural language, and automating data flows securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AI-assisted collaborative development - Multiple developers can work together on a single Node-RED instance. Our FlowFuse Assistant accelerates building data logic, generating code from natural language, and automating data flows securely.
```

Don't think we should be using 'co-pilot' when all of the docs/branding is 'assistant'.
